Write your progress for your individual contributions in the team project - Be as specific as possible

What I learnt in last week - I learnt what actually software engineering is about and how it helps us to develop and design quality softwares targeting a particular group of people. It also teach us how to work as a team. We can also learn about software project management and design complexities. To conclude this question, Software engineering is an engineering branch associated with development of software product using well-defined scientific principles, methods and procedures. 
	Now, in our class we had a discussion about "Who is a software Engineer?". What I think is Software Engineer is a person who can design and develop softwares, programm code and can think of innovative ideas instantly.
	Software Product - Software, when made for a specific requirement is called software product. To build a software product one has to go through 8-step process, i) Requirements ii) System Analysis iii) System-Design iv) Code-Design v) Testing vi) Deployment vii) Maintainance viii) Updates.

Tutorial Class - This class was very much useful for me as I encountered many technical terms that I haven't heard of. Discussion started with difference between C++ and python or why python is better than C++ while building softwares then we discussed about databases related stuffs like mysql, sqlite, nosql etc. and why nosql is better than mysql 
  We talked about MVC(Model View Controller). After that subject moved around server and functional programming.   

2nd Week -------------------------------
Previous lecture was a little bit theoritical and was about  
-Life Cycle of Software Engineering 
-Different models to build a software like water fall model  
-requirements Engineering
In between we had discussions about requirements of a software (facebook) and who are the stakeholders. Then different students tried to formulate the relationship between the twos mathematically which was interesting.

Tutorial----------
Alaikh is a interesting and cooperative guy.The whole session was about frontend
(Javascript). I enjoyed the session as many different new terms were coming in discussions. Waiting for more exciting similar sessions.


Previous Week's Goals -   

Accomplishments/Deliverables - 


Next Week's goals
